README.md, before:

# Space trading in a 2D6 sci-fi game

## buying ##
[This page](https://eventvwr1108.github.io/cepheus/tradecombo.html) allows the referee to enter the UWP of the world where the buying takes place, and the broker that the players want to use. Then click on "Generate market" to see what cargoes are available and what they cost. On the right-hand side a manifest is shown with the amount and cost of each item, with commission (if any) and totals.   
Please note that the code is [here](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/blob/main/tradecombo.html). Permission to make this available was given by Omer (thanks Omer).  
The other similar files in the repo are just earlier versions I have untidly left lying around

## NEW! selling ##
coming soon...

## disclaimer ##
I have very little skill with JavaScript and all the heavy lifting here was done by generative AI. I know some people don't like that so just letting you know.   
  

If you have feedback or suggestions please let me know, if you can. I'm no expert on Github but I think you can post or start a [discussion](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/discussions) or raise an [issue](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/issues)?

Commit message:

Update README with patrons section
Added section for patrons to README.

README.md, after:

# Space trading in a 2D6 sci-fi game

## buying ##
[This page](https://eventvwr1108.github.io/cepheus/tradecombo.html) allows the referee to enter the UWP of the world where the buying takes place, and the broker that the players want to use. Then click on "Generate market" to see what cargoes are available and what they cost. On the right-hand side a manifest is shown with the amount and cost of each item, with commission (if any) and totals.   
Please note that the code is [here](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/blob/main/tradecombo.html). Permission to make this available was given by Omer (thanks Omer).  
The other similar files in the repo are just earlier versions I have untidly left lying around

## patrons ##  
[This page](https://eventvwr1108.github.io/cepheus/2D6_scifi_patron_tables.html) may help the referee to come up with a random patro with a job for the PCs. Using all the tables tends to give results that are a bit contradictory. You may wish to omit or change some results if they don't make any sense. Or use your imagination to <i>somehow</i> make a coherent narrative out of it. Good luck with that  

## NEW! selling ##
coming soon...

## disclaimer ##
I have very little skill with JavaScript and all the heavy lifting here was done by generative AI. I know some people don't like that so just letting you know.   
  
If you have feedback or suggestions please let me know, if you can. I'm no expert on Github but I think you can post or start a [discussion](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/discussions) or raise an [issue](https://github.com/Eventvwr1108/cepheus/issues)?
